Add optimized blockwise gemm using ck wrapper (#1157)
ROCm/composable_kernel: client_example/25_wrapper/README.md

# CK Wrapper Client Examples
## GEMM tutorial

> The tutorial shows how to implement matrix multiplication using CK Wrapper. The tutorial presents the base version of gemm without most of the optimizations. It is worth keeping in mind that CK has kernels with different optimizations . If you want to use these optimizations, you can implement them using the CK wrapper or directly use available instances in CK. You can also refer to [optimized gemm example](https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel/blob/develop/client_example/25_wrapper/wrapper_optimized_gemm.cpp) implemented using CK Wrapper based on the [gridwise_gemm_xdlops_v2r3](https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel/blob/develop/include/ck/tensor_operation/gpu/grid/gridwise_gemm_xdlops_v2r3.hpp) implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tutorial shows how to implement matrix multiplication using CK Wrapper. The tutorial presents the base version of GEMM without most of the optimizations. It is worth keeping in mind that CK has kernels with different optimizations. If you want to use these optimizations, you can implement them using CK Wrapper or directly use available instances in CK. You can also refer to the [optimized GEMM example](https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel/blob/develop/client_example/25_wrapper/wrapper_optimized_gemm.cpp) implemented using CK Wrapper based on the [gridwise_gemm_xdlops_v2r3](https://github.com/ROCm/composable_kernel/blob/develop/include/ck/tensor_operation/gpu/grid/gridwise_gemm_xdlops_v2r3.hpp) implementation.
```

Author: Fixed by @LisaDelaney

            tile_shape,
            block_idxs,
            make_tuple(ck::wrapper::slice(M), ck::Number<1>{}, ck::Number<1>{}));
        // Copy from global to LDS.
        ck::wrapper::blockwise_copy<DimAccessOrder, vector_dim, scalar_per_vector>(
            a_global_local_tile, a_lds_tensor, thread_layout);
        ck::wrapper::blockwise_copy<DimAccessOrder, vector_dim, scalar_per_vector>(
            b_global_local_tile, b_lds_tensor, thread_layout);
        // Synchronize lds.
        ck::block_sync_lds();
        // Execute blockwise GEMM.
        ck::wrapper::blockwise_gemm_xdl<DataType, ck::wrapper::size(thread_layout), GemmTraits>(
            a_lds_tensor, b_lds_tensor, c_vgpr_reg);

        ++i;
    } while(i < num_loop);
```

Loop iterate over `K / KPerBlock`. Each time a local tile is created for A and B tensors (tensor per block),
data is copied from global memory to LDS. The `blockwise_gemm` function performs the GEMM
operation on `a_lds_tensor` and `b_lds_tensor`, and stores results in `c_vgpr_reg`.

The end result from `c_vgpr_reg` is stored in the `C` local partition (tensor per thread):

```cpp
    ck::wrapper::copy(c_vgpr_reg, c_global_local_partition);
```

> For additional detail, you can find the entire example

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to dive deep into the details, you can find the entire example
```

Author: I will suggest to stay with previous version.

Reviewer 2: IMHO this sounds more _natural_. But of course I'm not native :) @LisaDelaney what do you think?

Author: Replaced.
